added time input to release notes (#42840)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/144/index.md

To experiment with them, search for the appropriate preference on the `about:config` page and set it to `true`.
You can find more such features on the [Experimental features](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Firefox/Experimental_features) page.

> - **datetime-local and time inputs time picker:** `dom.forms.datetime.timepicker`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Time picker in `datetime-local` and `time` input elements:** `dom.forms.datetime.timepicker`.
```

>   HTML datetime-local and time input elements ([`<input type="datetime-local">`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Reference/Elements/input/datetime-local) and [`<input type="time">`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Reference/Elements/input/time)) now includes a time picker. ([Firefox bug 1726108](https://bugzil.la/1726108)).

Reviewer: same edits can be applied here
